# edb-to-pst conveter
Stella Exchange EDB Recovery software able for damage/corrupt exchange EDB file. This EDB to PST converter software is brilliant option for repair EDB mails, journal, contact and calendar from the inaccessible Microsoft exchange server.  Much-admired Stella exchange Recovery software is really effective product to throw out exchange server error and convert EDB file to PST with some different format like as:- EML/MSG/HTML and EMLX after that it will allows to open EDB email into working MS outlook. EDB to PST converter tool is well nice handy program that specially made for all Microsoft exchange admin user who manage legal, corporate, investigation, top organization, and law implementation interventions require this EDB recovery Tool This Exchange EDB Email Recovery software has an advance option it repair and open damage/corrupt EDB file to PST when your exchange inaccessible and mount. It has safe and easy way for extract single and multiple email from exchange mailbox and import them into healthy PST outlook with its Date &amp; time, To, BCC, Subject, From, CC from (email sent from, subject of email) after that is also give you brilliant option divide heavy size of recovered outlook PST file upto 5GB. For download this software:-  https://www.stelladatarecovery.com/exchange-edb-to-pst-converter.html Exchange EDB to PST conversion software EDB to PST well suited 3th party tool gives way of EDB Recovery to recover selective email of EDB database and convert the EDB file to MS outlook with EDB to PST conversion process of EDB email. This EDB mailbox Recovery program is work on all MS Exchange Server Recovery for 5.0, 5.5, 2003, 2007, and 2010 and 2016 damage EDB database (support priv1 and pub1 edb file). EDB to PST conversion tool aids you to repair mails, images, attachments, drafts, calendar, journals, appointments, tasks, notes, etc. from the damaged exchange files. Stella management mostly complexinto design, top &amp; synchronizing activities. The team has vast skill in handling &amp; sending IT solutions to dealings of all sizes &amp; across various businesses. Read more:-  https://edbemailrecovery.wordpress.com/
